Issue 134 add var and env var to fct dbt  invocations (#145)
brooklyn-data/dbt_artifacts: README.md

```

Note that the model materializations are defined in this package's `dbt_project.yml`, so do not set them in your project.

> If the project is running in dbt Cloud, the following five run details environment variables (https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-environment-variables#special-environment-variables) will be populated in the fct_dbt__invocations model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the project is running in dbt Cloud, the following five columns (https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-environment-variables#special-environment-variables) will be populated in the fct_dbt__invocations model:
```

pipx install tox
```

> 3. From this repository, copy and paste the `integration_test_project/example-env.sh` file and save as `env.sh` in your local repo. Fill in the missing values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy and paste the `integration_test_project/example-env.sh` file and save as `env.sh`. Fill in the missing values.
```

Think the confusion here may be that I only added the example-env.sh file yesterday, but it will get cloned for all future users who want to contribute
